Updated docs to include Groups format in converter (#725)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sources/amazon-s3.md

![Screenshot of a converter preview](../../assets/images/converter-preview.png)

> Note that the Group Properties Import feature requires that Groups are set in the [HTTP API event format](https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/analytics/apis/http-v2-api/). The converter expects a `groups` object and a `group_properties` object. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!note
    The group properties import feature requires that groups are set in the [HTTP API event format](../../analytics/apis/http-v2-api.md). The converter expects a `groups` object and a `group_properties` object.
```
